Übernachtung.
You should prove that you're great.
You've found your 5th child.
Then you'll be here.
Fine, show me your arms.
That's the giants' arms.
You'll know the 5th child in your arms.
Those shades of water are made of機能基 см.
All of them.
I'm hungry.
What? You're hungry?
You're busy.
Look at this.
You're so fat.
Shut up.
This is the medicine for your stomach.
Drink this and go to bed.
I'm not sick.
I'm just a little sick.
If you want to take medicine, drink it.
I'm a new employee.
This is the medicine for your stomach.
So when you don't swing,
are you going to come to me?
We still have another medicine left
don't you want to have another one?
Put the rest back.
This one is busy.
If it's all your fault,
you'll have no choice.
Even if you do 30 missions.
Your body gets Zhong,
you'll become oily,
and you're sweating,
so I brought the medicine.
Who said that I was an idiot?
You won't have free time if you take the medicine.
Then you should try it.
Whatever things happen,
fix the medicine's unt 고od coolant
and drive it,
it will turn bad.
Calm down.
What are you going to do?
After all, you're a famous doctor.
There's no such thing as a physician's disease.
then it turned out I wasn't a president.
The doctor and I followed behind for no reason and walked back to school.
They couldn't believe it.
They said it's strange for a policeman to be in angetic fashion like me.
The doctor couldn't take me if me talking about my father like that.
Oh, my.
It was him again.
After the doctor came back, he said to the TV,
that he had to go to the hospital.
He said, what's wrong with you?
I said, I came here earlier.
The doctor said, you have to go to the hospital.
I said, I can't go in.
He said, I can't go in.
I said, who said that?
I said, I can't go in.
He said, don't say that.
Cut down on your mysophobia andnadenofmusic for 2 years.
From this year, I've signed for a
inhaler.
It seems that the old man is in a strange condition.